feat: adds '--router-config' to 'rover dev' (#1446)
apollographql/apollo-cli: docs/source/commands/dev.mdx

If you stop an attached `rover dev` process (by pressing `CTRL+C`), the supergraph will de-compose the removed subgraph and reload the router.

> ### Advanced Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Advanced configuration
```

> If you need to do things like modify CORS settings or modify header passthrough for subgraphs, you can do so by passing a valid [router configuration YAML file](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/overview#yaml-config-file) to `rover dev` via the `--router-config <ROUTER_CONFIG_PATH>` argument. Note that only the main `rover dev` process will use this router configuration file when starting the router. If you specify a different listen address with `supergraph.listen`, all other `rover dev` processes will need to pass the same values to `--supergraph-port` and `--supergraph-address` _or_ pass the same router configuration file path via `--router-config`. If you make changes to this file, the Router will recognize those changes and reload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure advanced router functionality like CORS settings or header passthrough for subgraphs, you can pass a valid [router configuration YAML file](/router/configuration/overview#yaml-config-file) to `rover dev` via the `--router-config <ROUTER_CONFIG_PATH>` argument.

Note that only the main `rover dev` process uses this router configuration file when starting the router. If you specify a different listen address with `supergraph.listen`, all other `rover dev` processes need to pass the same values to `--supergraph-port` and `--supergraph-address`, _or_ pass the same router configuration file path via `--router-config`. If you make changes to this file, the router recognizes those changes and reloads.
```

If you stop an attached `rover dev` process (by pressing `CTRL+C`), the supergraph will de-compose the removed subgraph and reload the router.

### Advanced configuration

> To configure advanced router functionality like CORS settings or header passthrough for subgraphs, you can pass a valid [router configuration YAML file](/router/configuration/overview#yaml-config-file) to `rover dev` via the `--router-config <ROUTER_CONFIG_PATH>` argument.

Reviewer 2: I think we only support a subset of those fields right now; should we mention that?

Author: The cloud router only supports some of these fields, but self hosted routers work with any config. Maybe we should include a warning if a config field is set that isn't supported by the cloud router?

I think this really demonstrates some product fragmentation we have between our cloud customers and our self-hosted OSS customers. I think we could make this a bit easier if we could differentiate between these types of use cases by configuration we manage in a `.apollo` directory.

Reviewer 2: oh, yeah, wow, I wasn't even thinking about self-hosted OSS because my head's been in the cloud!
